are those are the shoes you know these
are the mayor mags like mags it the
creative akiza's is uh is they made need
to make more sense of them they're only
gonna be available by auction which will
benefit our foundation and uh Mark
Parker from Nike button today and they
he lace-up they lace up on their own
yeah I see the time
tell him what a time-saver huh it's fun
being me that's pretty great you
graduated high school here in Brooklyn
correct I did in a way in a way in a way
yeah I I went to high school in Canada
and make Hoover but I didn't finish um
it's not a sex we're getting yes he
became famous kale except that I really
hit it big but um but he was yeah I got
invited by a high school in Brooklyn
John Dewey high school uh-huh when I was
like 23 years old I was just I was just
doing a family ties to just start a
family ties and
vibrating coming and graduate with the
class II give me an honorary Palmer
which I thought sounded great yeah and I
was so freaked out about going to
Brooklyn I had never been to Brooklyn oh
wow
and it was a music where Welcome Back
Kotter was from yeah this magical place
yeah and so I gave I had no idea how to
give very commencement speech cuz I'd
never been to a graduation I am in my
own head minute any so I just kind of
gave up like a five minute talk about
how cool it was for me to be in Brooklyn
and and they were all kind of you know
like not impressed uh-huh all right then
and then I stood up in and I shook
everybody's hand to say is they came to
all the students here I treated him this
is one the best Brooklyn moment of all
was this guy comes up put stand up for
me shake it the last minute flips down
this you finger yes I'm in Brooklyn hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel thanks for watching it
means a lot to me and if you'd like to
take our relationship to the next level
click the subscribe button below
I'll wait for you